Because it prevents us from improving education
They think that this is not the solution to the actual problem
data is needed to know how to fix stuff

It would bias the data to not represent all types of students.
Can't hold anyone/thing accountable for success or failure
Because designing instruction for students cannot be done on an average
Because those are not necessarily used for marketing reasons
Opt-out is frequently used a political tactic and impedes a clear picture of the effectiveness of schools.
It may cause policy makers to form biased policies based on incomplete data.
Opt out policies are not a good idea because they prevent the improvement of education in a quantifiable way.
Would make the date uncompleted so that we could only get partcial fact  
Because problems need to be solved rather than avoided
Data is needed to determine how well/not well schools are providing student education
Opt out policies are tied to other non-data policies and people tend to opt out from show opposition to the non data policies. 
It forces an explaination of the rational for research
Opt-out rights should be an opportunity for parents to decline uses of data that truly are secondary to the functioning of our educational system – not an opportunity to avoid resolution of education policy issues that affect all students.
Data helps schools better help their student population.

Leong & Polontesky suggest Opt Out policies are a bad idea because they prevent collection of data that could give an accurate view of the education being provided to all students.
When there're problems and concerns, we fix things rather than opt out especially when what people are opting out is essentially helpful to (majority of) people.
Because opt-out won't help improve policies
The people who are school or teacher will lose the whole sense of the student, because they may lose some important informations like background, grades, which is very important to fully understand a student. 
Data is useful not only for schools but also other parties like parents.
According to them opt out policies can prevent schools from getting accurate and true educational data indirectly affecting the decisions related to providing better education for "all" and not some.

I think so...not sure what it would entail logistically, but I could see it becoming part of someone's online banking or something.
Yes, I think they can own it but won't know what to do with it - and that's fine.... for now, till the industry catches up.
no, students won't really know what to do with the data collected

Probably not, but it would be nice.
Yes, if people will pay for it.
yes
Not quite, though I agreed that aggregate data do not lead to solutions. 
I think so. It might require some cultural changes, but we already see people tracking their own 'steps per day' or 'drinks in a week'.
Perhaps. But managing one's own data is going to be a lot of work and eventually most people are just gonna give up.
It depends, if they are taught how to interpret the data then yes, however if interpreting that information isn't a part of their education, then it could be going to waste.
not really
to some extend it is, under the condition that students are informed and educated on how they can use the data and the consequences comes after. Maybe they cannot make the best use of the data, therefore I think students needs to understand fully and be prepared.
Yes, at least parts of it, but how much data does one person really need? We can assess our own thoughts, feelings, desires, etc. ourselves.  We do not need data to 'show' us these things.
Yes and no.  The idea of collecting it is fine, but I think that expecting most  people to be that self reflective is unrealistic. 
I believe it is even though there must be a paradigm shift.  Perhaps in NGO-world it would succeed.
Maybe, but honestly I can't recall. 
Not really?  It assumes families have the money for profile companies or computers to access/store/manage their data.  Unless the government pays for some 3rd party to safeguard data from the government, it'd be hard to pull off.

Not at the moment.
I think so or I hope so.
Yes, it's becoming a trend
I think some of students who are self-driven can do that. If the student have the ability and if the student have the motivation will be a problem. If they have both, it will be realistic.
Yes and no. I would like to say it's a tendency in the future. Students need to know their "jagged profile" and become experts in some areas that they are good at, but like the question I asked. How do they start to realize they need to form the data? You can't tell if a kid is good at Math without learning "average" materials. 
I think it is realistic. I hope it is!
Yes, because there's potential to innovate in the field and data can support that
I agree that it is not solving the problem, but I think that we should set up policies BEFORE collecting all the data
I agree on the needs for data, but the information that is been collected is sometimes nonsense

I do agree, I think all students should be represented in data so we can properly make predictions.
Yes, but it's difficult.
Designing instruction based on averages limits the ability to diagnose the student at the individual level. 
Yes, because we need to understand students' needs 
I do. I think understanding all student data is critical to evaluating cutting edge learning technology and theory as well as helping instructor's understand the students they deal with. 
Yes. Individualization is very import for teachers to make it work. Without data the teachers' workload will be so huge that it discourages them to teach each individual differently.
I do because that data can be used to level the playing field (or equalize) for the quality of education from county to county and state to state.
yes, to solve this problem, there should be ways other than "opting out"
I do agree, because sometimes concerns are caused by lack of rational consideration; data are very useful in many ways specifically supporting learning design, the collecting of data is therefore necessary and people who concerned about it need to be more informed and exposed to the good side and bad side. 
Data is not the issue; the method of analysis is, in order to accurately determine the quality of education.
Yes.  Data should be neutral and not tied to any political agenda other than those inherent with its collection (eg, privacy, etc.) 
I agree because- Averages limit the actual student interaction b/c there is no actual student in mind when the average is the goal. Designing for the edges is the key to actual student design. 
Yes, I totally agree with them because data is a key source for personalized education and can benefit them all, so opt-out rights should not be an opportunity to avoid resolution of education policy issues that affect all students.
Yes.  If the data is analyzed properly, they can see patterns of issues they can help remedy (policies, programs being used, tec).

I agree with Leong & Polonetsky. This data can be very useful but it's collection and application in the real world are confounding to many, including parents. This needs to be great developed.
Yes. One of the most obvious reasons is that I have much less concerns about data collection and use. Plus I strongly agree that data in education is helpful.
I agree because parents and students should have options to limit access to their data as they wish, but the options should be limited if they conflict with the common interests. 
I agree with Leong & Polonetsky. If the data is used for improve students and not for judging a student, it is good. If the teacher/computer system can fully understand a student, people and computer system can give good recommendation to him/her.
So I'm not sure if I understand "Opt Out", but data is definitely helpful.
I agree with them. As educational data mining can definitely help creating individualized learning for students where education is often stereotyped to fit the average "crowd". Opt out can also create biased data based on the major section rather than the actual population under study.
After watching the short video, "Why is measuring learning so difficult?", in your opinion, why i...
Learning is very hard to define. We have to make up variables that do not necessarily correlate with the things we are trying to understand. For example 'understand' in and of itself is an extremely complex subject. 
Because we really don't have a strong understanding of the parameters of what 'learning' really is- it could be magic for all we know.
Because it is hard to define exactly what learning is and there are difficulties in distinguishing between learning the lesson and learning the test
I think that measuring learning is so difficult because we are trying to externally measure and inward process. Also, so many factors are at play that we can't account for, and I think data is a blunt tool in terms of measuring a lot of these factors. Environment, emotions, prior knowledge, genetics, subject matter, social and technical aspects. The list is endless. It's this very sensitive hybrid that's difficult to define or predict. 
Because it is dependent on so many hard to measure variables
Because learning is such a complex, multidimensional construct that it is nearly impossible to measure learning accurately with simple methods. 
Difficult to assess objectively.  Many covariates.
Learning in my opinion is a holistic and sometimes unconscious process; in order to measure learning, defining learning need to happen before and that is very difficult. At the same time, the outcome of learning is difficult to define as well.
I think there are a lot of different approaches from a variety of scientific perspectives. A constructivist has a totally different perspective as an educator or psychologist etc.
Because there is such a large variety of variables, both measurable and not measurable, that models using just a few of these seem to "miss there mark" since they can't encompass everything.
It is because a measurement is not able to measure degree of the knowledge and understanding a student get. Sometimes even a person get high scores in the exams, it doesn't mean that he understand everything of what teacher told in class. Moreover, learning thing itself is magic. And learning is not about listening and understanding.It is more about doing thing on your own.
Learning is an internalized process. It's always inside the mind which makes it hardly observable. Achievements are much easier to measure, but achievements don't equal to learning outcome. It may not truly reflect the learning outcome. That's why 
The learning data is complex. In a human side, learning is a process, the measuring is hard to fully interpret the level of the learning. In a system side, learning is a raw data, it is hard to define the relationship between two attributes/items. That is my personal idea for the difficulties of measuring learning.
Because it is intangible and part of a process and because measures are not usually well validated.
There is no one true definition of what learning is, it is a unique process for each learner, and there is no one path to how learning occurs, so it is difficult to quantify if and when it has happened.
There are too many variables regarding the learner, the learning environment, and the learning content such that correlations of variables make it difficult to measure an overall subject such as learning
Measuring learning is so difficult because "learning" is the product of a number of inputs and circumstances that come together, as one speaker mentioned" somewhat like "magic." The variables involved with learning and properly capturing outcomes is a delicate task.
Because learning is a personal, multi-dimensional thing that happens cognitively and most of time invisibly.  
Because learning is a process 
For me, learning is such a board topic. You basically are learning something anywhere and at anytime. If you want to measure it, you have to come out the scale or rules, which will simplify the learning process. Therefore, the outcomes won't be accurate. 
Deriving meaning from the following quote“multiple levels of knowledge strung together that one could associate with a particular experience”, I think learning is personal process that can differ from individual to individual and finding a simple, reliable and distinctive construct to measure learning can be difficult.
Learning is a complex behavior that involves too many attributes, most of which are really hard to measure, let along study.
Measuring is always simplifying the process, so it's very likely that the criteria could ignore some essential aspects.   
1) data collection is a large project; 2) hard to find indicators; 3) people discuss it without defining learning and categorizing the types of learning
Measuring learning is difficult because there are multiple indicators of learning. Gardner Campbell stated it's hard to find a simple reliable proxy for learning because an indicator doesn't exist that we can trust. 
With reference to the the Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal cartoon, what danger does data pose t...
It is not the end goal of teaching. It could possibly overshadow other concerns for students until all we talk about is student data. 
It might send us pushing an agenda in the wrong direction (which we wouldn't know until later)
Backwards causality is a real thing and the use of data in the wrong ways by policy makers can cause problems. 
Higher ups enforcing rules/standards/assessments that don't actually make sense of make positive change. Losing sight of an overall goal for students/education at the expense of seeing an implementation or rule through. 
Jumping to conclusions/policies before we understand the data
If we interpret the data in a wrong way, that can lead to ineffective policies that harm students more than help them. 

The data might suggest or be interpreted in a very different perspective comparing to the initial thought.  
Through the comparison with worldwide developments and the political embededness of education, the cultural and social factors are getting in the background.
People taking data without understanding how to interpret, or simply taking an interpretation without questioning how someone go there, and deciding on educational practices before knowing what this data would truly call for.
education has to be done according to different subjects. Making an aim is not always good ways to inspire students to learn things. And people are not supposed to be taught like machines.
Oversimplify!
Statics cannot fully introduce the real world. Sometimes, data is valid about not reliable.
That we evolve into a meaningless 'clock-based' society.
Too much focus on data -- for the sake of having data -- and not what we could/should do with the data. Having data shouldn't be the goal, but it might become the goal.
Data allows people to draw all sorts of conclusions, even ones that may not have to deal with educational practices.
Data poses dangers of misinterpretation. Data could be misconstrued as "proving" causation or the effectiveness or ineffectiveness of variables.
It draws conclusion on majority that neglects personal traits in education and learning. 
making incorrect inferences or assumptions that lead to incorrect decisions to address the problem
Uhhh, forgot the content of cartoon.
bad analysis and interpretation of educational data, parents/learners opting out of providing true data, and assumptions without validation can result in educational policies and decisions that can wrongfully affect (long-term effects) not just the students but also the entire scholastic community. 
Subjectively assume cause and effect between phenomenon and the behaviors shown from data.
people only take the research outcomes without thinking about the contexts, and apply it on whichever situation. It causes dangerous consequences.
Policy makers don't understand what does data indicate and its place in the cause and effect chain
Data without context leaves room for interpretation; associations can be inferred without causality.  
To stand as go-betweens for the data sources and the end users. They were supposed to be primary points of contact for faculty and staff so that they could make more efficient use of the data available to them. 
To help faculty visualize & report on data as well as help faculty see what data is available and how to use it.
Kind of a mediator between confusing untidy data and accessible information for students and teachers.
A Data Wrangler is like an interpreter that translates massive amounts of data into easy to understand visuals and reports in order to provide learning recommendations.
Interpret and distribute and provide access to data for others, to clean things up and make accessing and thinking about data less "other" and horrifying
To provide information on student's behavior regarding access to online course work, completion of assignments, and satisfaction with the online experience in order to allow faculty and administrators to make positive changes to the program

Data Wranglers facilitated the transition from using small local classroom data to enhance classroom express to using large scale datasets from things like learning management systems to develop new policies. Data Wranglers help get the right data sets in front of the right people. 
Experimenter 

The role of the Data Wrangler was, perhaps most importantly, to facilitate access to the variety of data available to academics at the Open University.
Processing data that collected by the faculties in the university and help to make sense of the data to faculties.

To clean up data for others to analyze.

Their job is to make sense of the data. The danger is "if it is nobody's job to make sense of the data, the risk is that the data does not make sense but nobody realises". They then worked on a double-loop, by making the data that they collect better. All in, they use the data collected to make useful changes to courses and gather the new data to see if the changes worked.
The middlemen between data and faculties 
The support that makes data sense to decision makers.
like the leader in charge with data integration and make sure people would all get access to it 
The role of the data was to process the data with the goal to analyze the data in relation to the usage of data (mining) in relation to the coursework at the university.
They are the technical people who help educational institutions to improve their learning environments and curriculum etc. by giving advice generated from data they gather and analysed.

According to me, Data wranglers were responsible for analyzing data, synthesizing them into meaningful reports, providing intelligent interventions using those reports and enabling faculty and administration to better understand and use data to improve learning.
To act as a conduit between the learning analytics and the learning design. 
 Absolutely yes. Students learn more than just what is taught in the book learning in schools. They need general knowledge, the discipline to work within a system and exposure to multiple domains to learn exactly who they are and what they want to be.
No, their arguments against it just seemed silly. Obviously a balance between personalized learning and teachers would be best.
Somewhat - yes the concerns are somewhat valid but I think it is more of a personal attack at Zuckerberg (thinly veiled) rather than a well thought through analysis of the issues and potential of personalization - as the field currently stands
Not in particular.  I think we need to consider the notion of using personalization in only certain aspects of the classroom, or as an additional level (ex: tech to teach basic skills and teacher's intervene for those who aren't getting it).
Kind of. I think a balance needs to be struck...I agree that personalizing learning too much means that students won't develop metacognitive abilities and be flexible learners. 
Yes. Zuckerberg's plan lacks specificity. Personalization must be carefully defined. While I am not sure I agree with all three points brought up in the article, I do think that personalization requires more study. I am most swayed by 2)students will be unable to cope without personalization as the world is often far more complex and cannot be tailored. I also think personalization MUST involve disclosing to the student what is being done and giving them access to their own data. 
Some points that they are mad are true, but some look not like a grounded critique. It is a difficult topic, because there are two absolutely different perspectives on that subject.
Yes, there is nothing personal about personalization.  People personalize interactions and learning.
Yes, I agree because too much personalization means lack of adaptation ability outside the learning environment designed purposefully by AltSchool.
I do believe that studying, especially information studying is quite personalized because methods to approach knowledge are varied among people and we had better to make plan on studying personalized. 
Kinda. I agree with the second one especially. Since I think the personalized learning could benefit adults who had already settle down their learning patterns. For children, it would be always good for them to expose to various learning environments to learn how to adapt and learn new things.
No. Fear of technology is everywhere, but the trend is there, and being afraid never gets human beings anywhere.
I don't agree with the point. Through a validity data mining and reliable data analysis, students can understand more themselves. If they don't have a weak part about the general kills and knowledge, why should they waste too much time on it? 
I do agree, but just as they say, I think successful use wil be sentitive to those pitfalls.
Kind of. I do agree that there should be a transaction between generalist to specialist. You can't find you way to become expert until you've tried several things out. Personalization learning may hurt this process especially when people are too young to figure out what do they want. 
I think there should be a blended approach to learning. While Mark's Idea of personalization is muddled with Individualization and differentiation, at this point in time, I think the graduation towards learning customization has to be gradual. While he dreams of a school that produces students who have distinctive learning experiences, social learning aspects of class-room teaching is still very important. I agree with  personalization assessment
Not really. I feel like the article was a bit dramatic in its take on the dangers of Zuckerberg's personalization plan and it read (rather unsurprisingly) like an attack on the plan rather than the negative outcomes subsection of an unbiased analysis.
The three flaws in the article, I agree with when the use of technology is isolated without context. When technology, software/hardware, is used as a "cure-all" for learning, the "three flaws," are inevitable. 
I don't quite agree. I feel like the authors are questioning "personalization", rather than putting personalization into the field of technology. The drawbacks pointed out by the authors doesn't necessarily support the argument that personalization doesn't deserve investment.
Still undecided on this, but I do think the possibility of reduced flexibility (in learning styles and application) is a concern to pay attention to as adaptive, personalizing technology is advanced.
Yes, I agree with the dangers of Zuckerberg's personalization plan because there is no data that supports that "personalization" works well or not. More research is needed. I agree more with the compromised approach.
I do agree with the dangers of Zuckerberg`s personalization plan. I think to a extend that there is a reason why the curriculum is set up in a certain way; also in future common experience/ knowledge ground will create mutual understanding in communication that helps engage people together. Once learners are very familiar with the personalization, it is hard living without it.
Sort of. First of all, speaking from personal experience, I can love whatever a teacher is teaching about if I really like the teacher, so sometimes it is not that children have a particular interest about something; secondly, it IS important for children to learn general knowledge and skills, knowledge as basic things to learn and know living on the planet and human society. Besides that, I think personalized education can be very helpful for adult learners. They'll have general knowledge and a more specific goal for learning. 

did not read it this week...

Becoming useless if the are not utilized enough. 
The main risks to NSOs and Statistics Education are data-cloistering practices, ill-prepared data collection, and a general lack of statistics knowledge. I agree most with the lack of stats knowledge. The concepts are almost all the direct opposite of what we would normally think in most cases. I think data-cloistering also really inhibits learning about stats as well. I wish there was some good system of teaching about statistics! 

I don't know we need to read this article?
Statistics education will have to change based on the new availability of data to the public. The way that data is used by the NSOs will need to change as well. There may also be technical difficulties involved with data processing and dissemination 
I don't these are problem.

With data analyzing gains its popularity, data are being misrepresented and not used in correct way.I do believe that these are problems.
Data breaches. Yes. 
One of the main challenges faced by the statistic educators is in adapting to the new methods of collecting data, replacing current methods posing associate dangers of poor quality control, and incompatibility between new and old data sources.  This would also mean there could be chances of misinterpretation of data that needs to be addressed by improving skills associated with the analysis of rich data, and developing a curriculum that encourages and facilitates engagement with authentic data. I do agree as the public isn't prepared or knowledgable enough to interpret data that can benefit them during policy making.
Quality control, interpreting data accurately, misrepresentation of data. / These are valid concerns, statistical literacy in the general population is needed.  
One challenge I remember is that data are not collected in new ways that's hard for NSO to ensure data quality. 

I did not finish the reading on time. I am sorry:(
The authors mention the decline of traditionl statistics and the role of the statistician as statistical literacy grows in citizens. I think they are a very real propblem for individuals, but progress always has its drawbacks for some groups.
Basically this article explores benefits and perils Big Data, Open Data, visualized data, and data-driven journalism . While it offers opportunities it also poses threats to National Statistics Offices (NSOs) and statistics educators as NSO's statistic educators need more modern practices to address all the data. Do I believe these risks are a problem, well, only if the data is not interpreted responsibly.
misrepresentation - this could be a problem as unqualified journalists make more reports, causing misinformed learners
In general they are concerned about the type of data that is collect, how it is analyzed and how it is represented. Yes, I agree that these are risk because of the potential implications and changes that might be made based on misrepresented data.
Risks includes  encroachment into the political domain, or appears to be not as useful as expected. I think there potentially are problems
The author says user competence is challenged, and it is also a challenge of teaching skills. I think these risks can also be opportunities.

"Offering interpretation of data  runs the risk of encroachment into the political domain; linking to tutorials involves judgements about the quality of provision, and implicit endorsement."
did not read it this week...

Pro open data, with the though that data driven journalism will shed light onto a lot of topics and what's going on in the world.  I think it's a bit naive to think the general population will gain statistical literacy, but sharing data for other journalist sources to use makes a lot of sense.
The authors believe that open data would support social progress and understanding of complex social systems. They think statistics education and data-driven journalism is the key to having a population that understand and uses the results of big data. 


To get more cooperation between NSOs and the rest of the world, and to get that data processed and displayed in usable ways, like the census data they spoke about. I think that data availability is a double edged sword. Having data available for those who need it and can make intelligent decisions based on it is excellent. Having data available for those who don't understand it and do not have the ability or background to make meaningful decisions about it can be bad. That's the problem with data in a democracy.
Data is useful for counting students learning. It can help people to be collaborated.
They see the data in a democratizing process. That the data is open to the public and it is considered as public contract to have the abilities to construct and interpret it.
The author hopes to make data precisely represented and come up with a norm.
They want people to be educated on data and to empower themselves through that knowledge. 
c. Combining Tools + Knowledge + Skill / d. Collaborating between Policy Makers + Data Analysts + Researchers / e. Collaborating with journalists who developed rich data coupled with insightful narrative → provoke and support meaningful debate  / f. Improve public statistic literacy - One direct approach is to include interpretative commentaries alongside data; another is to provide links to tutorials on interpretation. / 
Have data journalists involved with open and bid data to better illustrate to the public how to accurately interpret and understand information presented
The authors call for better data literacy and improved stats curriculum so that we can better understand data available to us. I do agree with them since the amount of data available to us, researchers, etc. have so much potentials to help us make informed decisions. Yet, if those data are not analyzed critically or in the most objective way, they won't be much useful. 


They want data to be understood and accessible by most citizens and for statistically literacy to improve overall. Yes, I agree.
New skills required in Data-Driven Storytelling & Journalism. Literacy in interpreting data also needed. Need to integrate Open Data & Big Data into statistics Curriculum. Call for collaboration is needed. /  / Sure I agree.
they want the data to 
They would like to see collaborations between NSOs, statistics educators, and other groups. Yes I agree with some of their recommendations, but think that if things are over regulated then we might not be able to see the right trends, but might see the trends they want us to see.
I think the author calls for public statistical literacy. I think with more data available out there it is crucial to be able to understand the potential as well as the risks and make wise use of the data.
They want to enhance the general public's data literacy. I agree!

Reading the propositions (i.e. understand data privacy laws, ensure student data is protected)
The authors highlight steps schools can take to ensure student privacy. Those range from having a data privacy officer at school to setting data privacy as the school's priority. 
Didn't catch the last 2 readings, only the longer one. So I'll guess the rest.
Parents should be involved in developing privacy norms and policies and all federal privacy laws have some form of parental rights provisions. 
Parents should be more involved in developing student privacy policies. They need to understand the steps taken to help their children maintain their privacy.
Get them involved in the process.  Transparency.
Get the parents involved: allow them to access the data, make them aware of the type of data being collected at a given institution, where it is being stored, what is is being used for, etc.
Parents should be involved in conversations, so that they would understand the measures taken to protect student privacy, as well as the educational value of / data. 
Krueger and Moore suggest that schools follow a series of steps to ensure student data privacy and thus address parents' concerns. The steps include involving parents by providing information to them.
Protecting student privacy and reassuring parents,parents are concerned that even if data about their students are used appropriately, the data could be stolen, resulting / in a serious privacy breach.
Involving them in the decision making process, as well as keeping them abreast of new technologies and privacy practices that may be implemented in the schools.  Other recommendations include having a point person (tech admin) and legal counsel for privacy
 Insist on professional development.

All stakeholders should be taking the concerns serious and working on a better privacz for the students.

 Parents should be involved in developing privacy norms and policies
Parents should understand that students privacy restrictions apply to the data generated while the student is using an educational product or service implemented by the school, but not while the student is doing general web browsing or personal activities unrelated to school.
They suggest that parents should understand the measures taken to protect student privacy, as well as the educational value of data. In other words, parents should be involved.
Commercial software/hardware are not obligated to redesign them because schools purchase the products
That school systems can act now to take some very concrete steps to better ensure the privacy of student data and the student privacy should evolve just like technology does.
Involving parents into developing privacy norms and policies. 
Involving them.
By getting them involved in the process. Parents should have a say in what the privacy and security policies are and be involved in how they are implemented.
Read the wrong week from the syllabus
did not complete readings
They collected census network data from many students in an undergraduate college course. They asked if they were friends with students prior to class and if they thought the student was effective in school. They also collected demographic and class data. 
How students interacted with one another, how connected they were to one another, degrees of separation
The authors collected data from biology classes that include who students studied with for the exams, the students' grades, which lab/lecture sessions the students attended, and general info about the students, etc. 
they collected student study data and their grades. the network describes how students study together.

Data from social networks. The networks they built described connectivity between people.
a static network, a cross-sectional / realization of an implicitly dynamic network, or an explicitly / dynamic network. The last of these may take the form / of multiple cross-sectional snapshots or of some form of continuous / data collection. / 
I forgot to read this week's reading:(
nodal and relational data
Sorry, I read this 2 weeks ago, it was difficult to read at the time and I guess I didn't retain the information :-(


The authors collected data in a section of an intro biology course, including information about the students, their grades, the lecture and other sections they belonged to and demographic information.
Connections within a biology class
Network data. / sample from a population / 
SNA: SNA helps us to understand how relationships form, what kinds of relational structures emerge from the building blocks of individual relationships between pairs of nodes, and what, if any, the impacts are of these relationships on nodes.
The data they collected included who students studied with for the first three exams, all of their class grades, the lecture and lab sections to which they belonged, and general demographic information from the registrar. The network they built analyzed the use relational data and the importance of learning relationships / to undergraduate education.

who students studied with for the first three exams, all of their class grades, the / lecture and lab sections to which they belonged, and general demographic information from the registrar. 
Network described student to student relationships crossed with performance. In other words how often students worked with other students to prepare for exams. And type of student they worked with
Read the wrong week from the syllabus
-
Students formed more groups following the first exam across sections and classes for the second exam. I think I remember that students also performed better on the second exam. There was also a correlation between score, connectedness, and centrality. These were hard results... I need to re-read this.
Not sure, but those who were more social/connected/popular were better students, or scored higher on evaluations?

social influence does affect exam performance after students changed their partners

They discovered that our understanding of reality is actually a network of unconscious perspectives, linked through the shared understanding of semiotics and communication of each individual's reality.
It bears repeating: this primer is intended as a first introduction to the power and complexity of educational research aims that might benefit from SNA.
I'll read them this week for sure:)
studying in a group is better than studying alone
Sorry, I read this 2 weeks ago, it was difficult to read at the time and I guess I didn't retain the information :-(


The conclude that looking at networks is important for understanding communities of students, and can be valuable for the decisions that professors make.
That results seem to be connected less with individual students and more with classes. They also changed over time between the first and second examp.
Because we are unable to control for student effort, we are unable to discern / whether study effort confounds our finding and makes / causality vague
Those who study interacting with social network do better than those who don't. 
studying in a groups and with more students and building a study network  is a better strategy to learn better than being alone and not part of any study group. 

Overall, the exam bonds students together for partnership studying. Depending on the first exam`s result, people re-think about who they partner with.

Read the wrong week from the syllabus
-
The main tensions is that students are vulnerable to the university's data collected policy. 
Privacy, and how to manage the data. Also, who will mine it. 
Student privacy 
privacy vs big data mining
 privacy and big data analytics
There is tension because educators want the data but there is a risk of weakening student's privacy by collecting and analyzing certain descriptive data sets
This framework lays out governing principles to establish and maintain a healthier relationship between higher education institutions, students, and their data
:(
post-snowden fears arise; students feel vulnerable as they have little control over their data
Concerns over privacy


Manai posits that there is a major asymmetry in the power between students and institutions in data mining that leaves students  vulnerable.
Asymmetrical power balance between students and institutions.
The sophistication of the regulatory environment governing the appropriate use of student data has not kept up with the reality of learning analytics. 
privacy
The fact that students often show little or no concern about sharing their personal data, especially in an environment of increased sharing through social media, which creates a landscape of “digital promiscuity”. According to him the very act of sharing that validates the authenticity of information. but some how this is the opposite of what's happening in educational set ups. / 

Higher education institutions started collecting data from students that students might not even have an idea about that they might be vulnerable.
Consent from students. 
Limited. Makes it harder to ween off of.
Undergraduate education is a time period where students choose to specialize in their own fields. To that end, adaptive technology should be used to help students discover and pursue those specializations.
Student data and progress should be tracked with the help of a faculty member. Adaptivity could become a feature of all courses where students are given access to how they are being "rated". Students can look at the models and think about behaviors. It will almost gamify education in a more interesting way than grades. 
I'm all for it. Good teachers should be equipped with good tools, and I believe adaptive technology is something that will be extremely useful for teachers and by proxy students as well. 
Teaching of basic courses,  like intro to statistics,  with professors being there to answer more complex and demanding questions.  Also to help determine what courses should be required (based on student class course choices and performance).
Depends on how it gets developed in the future.
I think it should inform students on future choices they can make based on learning styles/patterns, or what's required to achieve a certain milestone or career path, but that it shouldn't limit them or judge them, or be part of some "learning resume that influences their admittance to a program or school.
Make learning more customized  
It can automate some of the lower level lesson planning tasks (such as advancing a student's pace in a particular lesson), but higher level concepts should still be managed by teachers.
It is very hard to say, if we don't have analytics from K-12 but only start collecting and adapting to learners in undergrad then that could be good and bad. Good in that their past learning history won't (potentially) negatively affect them, but bad in that their past learning history won't be know and that level of data on prior knowledge etc could be extremely helpful. /  / In general, however, I think that people (teachers, students, school administration) will still be weary of a vendor collecting all that data and so it might take a long time for it to get off the ground - if it does at all.
play as an advisor for undergraduate students to suggest learning plan
it provide robust analytic tools for teachers, which can help to predict students motivations and effectiveness of learning. 
more personalized content to the students that will allow them to study areas of interest rather than general information on broader subjects
Such adaptive technology can assist as an evaluation tool for students' progress and allow instructors to assess and adapt their own curriculum to better serve students' interests. 
It may not create much difference with or without adaptive technology because it is in the end students' ability to comprehend and associate their experience into learning
Focus on providing adaptive learning for STEM related foundational courses - only the practice & assessment aspect not other content
Adaptive technology could take over some aspects of learning concerned perhaps mostly with specific skills, such as gaining experience with statistics, programs, or languages. Undergraduate institutions could use the technology to better shape such courses.
personalized learning opportunities, individualized instruction, mastery advancement tracks, instructional resource repository for teachers
Mentors
For high education students, they already have the ability to make decision, so they don't need the tourturing system to advise them how to learn a thing. Proboably, they need more advise about their personal goal, and how to choose a course to reach the goal. They can work more about advise student to know their advantage and disadvantage of reaching a goal, and what they can do.
reduce the workload of teachers on teaching each student, so that more students will be able to enjoy the high quality resources.
resource generator
I think it could be used as a feedback system for the professors and instructors to get a rough sense of how good the students are doing.
On the topic of adaptive technology, I think it leads to another form of tracking. I think that is the main topic to be addressed; is adaptive learning focused on helping students reach and realize their potential. Or is this setting the ceiling just high enough for students to reach; presumed progress and achievement. 
K's technology can help in creating personalized learning so every student gets the best experience he or she wishes to have. Also by understanding how students learn and how universities perform, issues such as high costs of tuition, overstretched school districts, out-of-control dropout rates can be better managed.
I think the adaptive technology is likely to play an important guiding role in undergraduate education as it potentially helps guiding the thinking process and help students noticing patterns of what they really are interested in as students do not always realize that. The flip side of it though, students can be directed to be one-sided or narrow-visioned through adaptive technology in learning.